beauty that just being here on the server
of the resende né
I took what was in me since it is the kit
more obese than the shape shifter only
it's not not very good, but what it is
It's just that you can stay hidden
in this kind so you become invisible by
a time and whose goal is not cattle
I know why you fucked me that there's a guy who
me looking ugly and now it is necessary that the
red government only has requested us here
also
Damn, you screwed me. Good luck.
jesus red started began to
It's started, there's nobody who is not
Please do not you do not have anyone deserves
a tower of which the human
no no, my friend, house has a sword and
Good friend friend
thanks, we partnered here, we just
two are not going to party and staying with
the staff curses me the krona plays only with the
team
there I am sad to see things not
Please, you got it wrong and iran involves
please and there is someone for he does not have
someone walking and I'm seeing what this is
but someone is not really
I do not want your reasons, thanks.
quick stops here good is well
no one saw if they saw someone already screaming
a neighborhood at 0
Okay, I'll get things here.
It took me a while to get a
spy is at least a sword and we
Let's pull it took we 'll pull the
Good, we have many things going now.
kill the Cape Verde Cape Verde by
green is the every time I take the handle I have to
Batman Batman in Batman is going to eat apple
authorize visible but in wanting to eat
sane is good to make juice came us sic
Perfect
Batman Batman Batman in Batman Batman
visible and invisible batman of the mother
no, it 's not milkshake farofa latino farofa
it was bad for the end claims good Roman
very playing very well good
batman batman batman batman goes there
low batman in batman batman people
You can not make you batman
we are a double batman we play
in batman movies to take a lot of punishment
Do you want to die martin buber beats ball
rebate our cortaz o pac
Batman Batman Batman is so
visible and invisible upload here
I'm thinking the wrong thing
and beyond valverde and died that I
I did not pass out, we did not kill a little boy.
partner is going to hit good partner
amanda bueno event together and hand of the
good activity see good and let's get it
actions here in order to have it anymore
beauty
now let's kill more ugly enemies
Let's talk to her
Let's be alone and we will not play alone.
What beauty, let's get some saints.
Come on, man. You got the two players.
server will come with me farofinha
come good run farofinha
where is the right guy in his tower in the soup?
to see when the guy here pointed at
re cronin de santos said good afternoon
pure tatá in moratorium here goes there
up and going okay for who is this
I think I've already visited Chávez and
He is soaked for fucking flying.
My brother was flying, James. Feeling.
catch the boy games and games bô bô bô
farofa or farofa it will go away
our sack that's what she jumped
go grab the sticks the santos is a farofa leak
farofa farofa takes the figueirense and does not
there are those who are not obsolete to end there is
Dude, you 're paying for the duck and dell.
Look, I'm just gonna listen to the son of
mother was flying the honada and picks up
catch the catch catch the catch the river died the foc
print that he mind losing penalty
It does not matter to us, we do not have to
kill that to see the guy in charge but the
Survivor you'll have your days
counted
a good hit we're playing a lot
Good luck toc toc toc toc will make a good
young lad and us here in the activity
Good boy, bora bora, near santos.
This is the warrior let go.
him at this epic moment that this is a
enchanted business ax only
saints or saints is in tower tower
bastard
It has to be a very strange thing, right?
How is the guy going like that?
nothing is, we have six players now let's
stay down here
just to go br stone is stone br
will go pbr shuttle pbr not farofa santos
does not see br br
accompany rafinha partner goes by br
forth pr ajt I saw and saw the
The enemy is flooded to
Ded also disappeared goes kills picked up stone
caught every stone stone stone Let us strike the
Good Stone Farofa Good Kid New Batman
This is it, I'm sorry, we have four
players only two plus saints
let's look for the next one will let
last saints wanted a boom up
The tower can not kill me either.
Come here, my friend, come, Farfan.
No, please, the cute one is pointing out the mister.
parker is there to come come
mister pac parker is here to come.
the end is only one more after the final bp
we made an epic duo and did not have
map and now and now suffers internet crashed
you make me
no no no do not give me and do not give me and
Give it to them, it 's old, I was going to win.
I was so well with Farofa.
I'm not hurt please let face
Your favorite book there unfortunately not
we were able to complete our mission season